[TSK-202] update root and services README (#34)
Hoocki/qpay: README.md

# QPay

> ### Quick payment system by generating a QR code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Payment system by generating QR codes.
```

## Description
The project is aimed at implementing a payment system with QR code generation in a microservice architecture.

## Goals

> - [x] Apply a monorepositional approach to the interaction between services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Apply a monorepo approach 
```
I don't think the word `monorepositional`  exist.

> - [x] Design 7 services to achieve high reliability and scalability of the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Design microservices to achieve high reliability and scalability of the system.
```

- [x] Use docker containers to run external components independently.
- [x] Creating migration scripts for database version control.

> - [x] Configure the CI-pipeline to automatically build the project, run tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Configure the CI-pipeline for GitHub to automatically build the project, run tests.
```

- [x] Use Apache Kafka to store transaction data in order to increase fault tolerance.

> - [x] Create tests with code coverage for each service over 80%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Create unit and integration tests with code coverage over 80%.
```

- [ ] Implementation of authentication and authorization using JWT.

> - [ ] Implementation of API-Gateway and Service Discovery to simplify communication between services and clients.

Reviewer: I would add `create frontend app

## Structure

> Project contains 7 services,

Reviewer: 8
But maybe skip number, if later you add new services.
Just: Project contains the following services

> each of which is responsible for performing key tasks to maintain the project's performance.

Reviewer: I would delete this sentence, it is just noise

Architecture: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Jn5VrUUoQQtLY0N9Jk_7VIYwRXwG2yOq/view?usp=sharing

> - **User manager** - stores and processes user information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **User manager** - handles user information.
```

> - **Payment manager** - stores and processes information about wallets with further sending of data to other services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Payment manager** - performs payment process
```

  (Notification and Transaction manager).

> - **Notification manager** - receives data from ***Apache Kafka*** (data from the Payment manager is first sent to Kafka),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Notification manager** - send emails to the users
```

  then sends a message to the user's email with information about the operations performed on the wallet.

> - **Transaction manager** - stores information about completed transactions over wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Transaction manager** - stores information about payment transactions.
```

> - **QR generator** - generates a QR-code based on transaction information: amount of money, sender, recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **QR generator** - generates a QR-code based on transaction information
```

> - **Auth manager** - performs user authentication and authorization in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Auth manager** - performs authentication and authorization
```

> - **Service Discovery** - responsible for establishing a connection between services and clients.

Reviewer: Add API-Gateway

> - **Service Discovery** - responsible for establishing a connection between services and clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Service Discovery** - allows services to find and communicate with each other
```

## How to run

> - Clone this project to your computer.

Reviewer: remove it

> - Download docker.

Reviewer: remove

- Run docker-compose.yaml in package ***.docker***.
- Run each service (check each service for more information).
- Profit.

## Technologies
- SpringBoot
- PostgreSQL
- Docker

> - Apache Kafka

Reviewer: Let's make it in a different way and add some other technologies:
```
## Technologies

[Server] SpringBoot, Gradle

[Frontend] React, Typescript

[Databases] Postgres, MongoDB

[Tools] Docker, Kafka, API-Gateway, Circuit-breaker, Service Discovery
```

BTW, add gradle, maven and git to section `Tools` to your CV
